Enable version validation in the isInstalled step (#1364)
elastic/apm-pipeline-library: vars/README.md

NOTE: This particular implementation requires to checkout with the step gitCheckout

## isInstalled

> Whether the given tools is installed and available. It does also support version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether the given tool is installed and available. It also supports specifying a version.
```
